Israel's military says it is preparing
to carry out a wide range offensive of
Gaza by air Land and Sea more than a
million Palestinians have been ordered
to leave their neighborhoods and flee
South at least 2,200 Palestinians have
now been killed since Saturday 724 of
them are children the Israeli military's
continuous air strikes have leveled
homes and neighborhoods the un's aid
Chief says that the humanitarian
situation is far becoming untenable
water has now run out for the 2 million
people in Gaza after Israel imposed its
total
blockade Medics say they're overwhelmed
with a number of Civilian casualties
this video shows them responding to one
of the latest air strikes that happened
in the south of The Enclave where Israel
had ordered people to flee
to TK Kaboom has the latest from a
hospital in
Gaza I'm standing inside the NASA hos
Medical Hospital inside the Gaza Strip
as you can now clearly see right now in
the front of you that the medical staffs
are just tracing the time in order to
provide medical treatment for hundreds
and thousands of Palestinians who really
were bombarded by the Israeli occupation
forces since the early outbreak of the
current wave of escalation between
Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
occupation forces now these medical
staffs are working despite the Intensive
rhythm of UH responsibilities and even
restrictions that had been imposed by
the Israeli occupation forces as you can
see beds are really prepared to receive
victims receive injured people like you
are we are talking about a very minimum
capacity of medical equipment that
cannot be really enough for providing
treatment for uh injured people inside
The besieged Enclave uh Main in fact uh
the restrictions that had been imposed
by the Israeli occupation forces during
the last uh
during the early beginning of this uh
conflict it related to the panning and
the deprivation of injury of medical
supplies to the uh medical sector inside
the Gaza STP we're talking about nine
parts of nine Palestinian hospitals were
bombarded by the Israeli occupation
forces also different pharmaceutical
warehouses were destroyed by Israeli air
strikes we are talking about four
Palestinian hospitals were were
threatened with evacuation in the
Northern and Central areas of the Gaza
strep now the Palestinian Ministry of
Health inside The besieged Enclave had
delivered different demands and calls
for the International Community and even
for international powers to afford
humanitarian Corridor for Palestinians
to provide them with a humanitarian Aid
and even to provide the medical sector
with different kind of medical items and
necessary medical drugs in order to help
Palestinians and to provide treatment
for injured people as water has run out
of uh from the Gaza Strip also the fuel
has been also o ran out from the only so
so uh solar power uh the only Power
Plant uh station inside the Gaza Strip
uh these uh kind of restrictions and
these kinds of obstacles that
Palestinians are facing uh will bring
further catastroph consequences for the
different life aspects inside the uh
Gaza territory it's important to mention
that the medical uh the the Medical
Health System inside the Gaza Strip is
witnessing such a great deterioration
due to the lack of fuel and the lack of
water sources we're talking about
different stuffs who just are looking
exhausted due to their ongoing Services
despite the fact that they are working
with their limited capabilities and
their limited capacities uh the uh this
hospital is trying to invest as much as
possible in terms of the fuel
consumption in order to uh to be able to
provide further uh medical services for
its uh patients and even with the run
out of water it seems that a new
catastrophe might really Loom if this
situation
continues well it's been 5 days since
Israel cut off electricity to Gaza
residents have been struggling to
communicate with with each other and the
outside world but some have managed to
send Al jazer audio messages to make
sure that their voices are still
heard it is completely dark here all I
can do is to S my voice that the
situation here in Gaza is unparal I'm
afraid to die I don't want to die I want
to achieve my dreams all that we here is
bombardments the Israeli occupation is
acting crazy Israel Target innocent
civilians and there is no safer place
here I don't know what the world is
waiting for here is Gaza where we buried
the Life by the Israeli occupation I'm
alive now but I don't know if I will be
alive in the coming a few moments we die
here in silence and no one hears our
voices in Gaza nothing is louder than
the sound of the Israeli rockets and
missiles nothing is louder than the
sound of of death my real question is
whether the genocide in Gaza is not
enough to move the world I ask everyone
who hears my voice please act
immediately to save Gaza